Explore the world of Dhayavar looking for your brother Andor in this quest-driven fantasy RPG inspired by old-school classics.

Battle monsters in turn-based combat, become stronger through level ups and skills, choose from a wide range of equipment, interact with numerous NPCs, visit shops, inns and taverns, search for treasure, and solve quests to follow the trail of your brother and uncover the secrets of the powers at play in Dhayavar. With luck, you may even find a legendary item!

You can currently visit up to 608 maps and complete up to 84 quests.

The game is completely free. There is no payment to install, no ads, no in-app purchases, and no DLCs. There is no internet access required, and it can run on all versions of Android from 1.6 (Eclair), so it should run on any device, even low-end oldies.

Andor's Trail is open-source software, released under the GPL v2 license.
You can get the sources from https://github.com/AndorsTrailRelease/andors-trail

Game translation is crowd-sourced on https://hosted.weblate.org/translate/andors-trail

Andor's Trail is a work in progress, and while there is a lot of content to play, the game isn't completed. You can participate in the development or give ideas on our forums too!

If you wish to participate, we have released a content editor called ATCS, downloadable for free from www.andorstrail.com that makes it possible for anyone to create new material and expand the game, with no coding required! If you like the game, you can join others that have already created some of the content in the current release. You can see your own ideas come to life in a game that hundreds of thousands of people have played!
*This requires a PC (Windows or Linux) or a Mac. See the forums for details regarding content creation.

Visit our forums on www.andorstrail.com for help, hints, tips and general discussion. We love our community's feedback!


Changelog:

v0.8.5
New quest 'Ratdom' with 139 new maps and 2 sub quests
The loss of XP in case of death is now 20% instead of 30%
Having raw meat cooked
Translation updates and many minor bug fixes and enhancements

v0.8.4.1
Export/Import: The worldmap, which consists of many small png files, is handled now as a zip file.
Translation updates and many minor bug fixes and map enhancements

v0.8.3
New quest "The Dead are Walking" with 38 new maps
Export/Import function for savegames

v0.8.2
Fix of a lost traveler in certain conditions
Support of older mobiles again

v0.8.1
New city Sullengard
71 new maps and 6 new quests
Monster kill count
Controller support
Translations updated
Engine changes to support actual Android Studio

v0.7.17
Fix of unloadable savegames in certain conditions

v0.7.16
New quest 'Delivery'
Fix of Killed-by-Kamelio bug, postman bug and typos
Translations updated (Chinese 99%)

v0.7.15
Fix of a notification crash bug
Fix of missing scout and of a non disappearing Ortholion and Ehrenfest in certain conditions
Various small changes and bug fixes
Translations updated

v0.7.14
2 new quests:
"Climbing up is forbidden"
"You're the postman"
24 new maps
Turkish translation available
Changed savegame location due to Google requirements

v0.7.13
Japanese translation available

v0.7.12
Changes in the start village Crossglen to make it even more fun and easier in the beginning
4 new quests and one enhanced quest
4 new maps
New weapon class "Pole arm weapons" and fighting style
When dpad is active (both visible and not minimized), normal touch-based movement is prevented

v0.7.11
A new city located east of Loneford
Seven new quests
37 new maps
One new extraordinary item by rare drop
Remember Bonemeal is illegal - And now there are consequences for its possession
Burhczyd fix

v0.7.10
Weapon Rebalancing
Rebalancing of level 1 to 5 rewards
A new skill, "The way of the monk" and some equipment
Sorting of quest logs by time
Fixes for monster difficulty
Better explanation for permissions
Conversation will not close when you click outside of dialogues
Fix crashes with toast, listener, mapchange

v0.7.9
For a better overview you can now reduce the view to 75% or 50%
A certain person has found another, rather unfrequented tavern
Fixed crashes in Arulir and with diverse languages

v0.7.8
A few new quests and several new maps.

For new characters you can choose one of the new hardcore modes: No Saves, Limited Lives, or Permadeath.

Up to now, languages have been limited to English or your local language, as determined by your device settings. Now you can choose between different languages that are translated to a significant extent.

v0.7.7
Fixed crashes with diverse languages

v0.7.6
3 quests with well known thieves.
5 new maps.

